Data Types
1. Is complex data type conversion to any other data type is possible. If yes/no please explain with valid reason?(Complex not possible)
Ans1. No,complex data type conversion is not possible to any other data type,because it cannot be converted diretly to any other data
type in a single step. 

2. The if conditional statement works on basis of which data types?(Boolean)
Ans2. if condition works on principle of boolean data type as it returns either a True value if condition is satisfied or else
returns False.

3. Explain mutable and immutable data types along with thier examples?
Ans3. Mutable data types are those in which modifications are possible. For example (list,set,dictionary). In these data types
we can append,delete,sort the data. Immutable data types are those data types in which we cannot modify the values. For example
(tuple,int,float,string) in which we cannot append,delete,sort the values 

4. In which data type duplicate values are not possible?(Set)
Ans4. Set is a mutuable data type. It is represented by curly brackets. In this data type duplicate values are not possible 

5. Explain difference between list and tuple?(Mutable and Immutable)
Ans5. List is mutable data type. We can add,delete,sort values in list. Tuple is immutable data type. In this we cannot modify the 
values once stored. Tuples are faster than lists. Tuples are enclosed in paraenthesis while list are enclosed in square brackets.

6. What does sequence mean and which data types fall into this category?(List,Tuple,String)
Ans6. Sequence means a positional ordered collection of items.Like in list,tuple,string we can call any parameter using index. In 
python sequence index starts with 0 not with 1.

OPERATORS
1.What is difference between = and ==?
Ans1. "=" this operater is assignment operater which is used to assign a particular value to any variable whereas,"==" operater is
comparison operator which is used to compare any two values in python.

2. What is difference between is and == operator?
Ans2.The == operator compares the value or equality of two objects, whereas the Python "is" operator checks whether two variables 
point to the same object in memory.

3. What is output of // operator? (floor division operator)
Ans3. "//" this is a floor division operator. It divides the two numbers and round off the answer to nearst integer.

4. What is membership operator?
Ans4. "in" and "not in" are two membership operators in python.These are used to validate the membership of value."in" returns True
if a sequence within the specified value is present in object,"not in" returns True if sequence within 
the specified value is not present in object.

5. Explain logical operators?
Ans5. and,or,not are the three logical opertors."and" operator returns true if both the conditions are satisfied in a program
"or" operator returns True if atleast one of the conditions is satisfied in a program,"not" returns True if conditions is satisfied
else returns False.

LOOP STATEMENTS
1.Can we use break and continue together in python?
Ans1.Yes we can use both break and continue together as break will stop the current loop from execution while continue will jump
to another loop. 

2.Why do we need continue and break in loop?
Ans2.Continue helps in controlling the python loop by making jumps to next iteration of loop without exhausting the current loop
whereas break helps in breaking the current loop from execution and transfer the control to next block.

3. Define pass statement in python?
Ans3.It is used when we cannot decide what to do in our code ,but we must type something for making syntactically correct 

4. What is difference between For and While loop?
Ans4.For loop is used when we know the specific number of iteration to occur whereas while loop is used when we are not confirmed
with how many iterations are to be performed

CONDITIONAL STATEMENT
1. Why we use ladder if statement?
Ans1. We use ladder if statement if we want to check all the if statements even if we get the correct answer at first if statement 
only.

2.Is there any limit of statement that appear under if block? (No)
Ans2. There is not any limit of statement under the if block. We can write as many lines of logic as we want.

3.Write a python program to display last digit of number using if statement?
Ans3.number=int(input("Enter a number:"))
     if number%10!=0:
    	print(f"The last digit of a {number} is:",number%10)

4.What is use of nested if statement and explain with an example?
Ans4. Nested IF functions, meaning one IF function inside of another, allow us to test multiple criteria and increases
 the number of possible outcomes. For eg:
age= int(input("Enter your age:"))
experience=int(input("Enter your exp:"))
quali=int(input("Enter your qualification="))
if age >=18:
    if experience>=2:
        print("You are eligible to work in our organisation")
    else:
        print("You are not eligible")
else:
    print("You are still unexperienced and under age")


5. Can we write if-else statement in one line in python? Explain with example. (Yes we can write)
Ans5. We can write if-else statement in single line. We can also write using lambda function. For eg
age=int(input("Enter the age"))
age_check= 'Adult' if age>=18 else 'Minor'
print(age_check)